Individual buttons description:

	"open data" - Opens selected file containing data from ant tracker
	"open video" - Opens selected video
	"save data" - Saves data with all modifications done into a selected file. Also, the autosave function will use this file for further automatic saving. (Before that a file "Autosave.arr" is used)
	"settings" - Opens programs' settings.
	"load changes" - Loads a file containing previously saved list of changes (movements and swaps of ants).
	"save changes" - Saves changes done to currently opened data.
	"undo change" - Reverts last changed thing on current frame.
	"redo change" - Redos last change undone on current frame.
	"show history" - Shows history of selected ants.
	"swap ants" - Swaps two selected ants from current frame up to the end of video.
	"swap tail and head" - Swaps tail and head of selected ant.
	"show faults" - Computes and then shows a list of possible faulty detects.
	"next fault" - Shows next fault.
	"previous fault" - Shows previous fault.
	"toggle highlight" - Switches on/off the yellow circles around possibly faultily detected ants.
	"cancel" - Cancels the showing process. However, all changes done will remain done.
	"backward" - moves video one frame backward
	"forward" - moves video one frame forward
	"play/pause" - plays or pauses the video
	"show frame" - Shows frame written into nearby box.
	The green slider - Indicates position in the video. Clicking upon it moves the video.
	The grey slider - Speeds the video up or down.

Settings description:

	Appearance:
		"view" - Switches between displaying each ant in one color or all ants in the same group in the same color.
		"Center marker size" - Size of the central circle of the ant.
		"Head marker size" - Size of the circle showing head of the ant.
		"Tail marker size" - Size of the circle showing tail of the ant.
		"Bottom panel height" - Height of the bottom panel (All buttons will be resized accordingly).
		"Side panel widht" - Width of the side panel (All buttons will be resized accordingly).

	Controls:
		"Markers shown in history" - Switches the mode of showing history. It can either display just the central positions of selected ants, or display heads and tails also.
		"Undo/redo mode" - Changes the function of undo and redo. If global is checked, undo and redo work for all changes done. If seperate for individual frames is checked, undo and redo work just in the current frame.
		"Head detection" - Switches on detection of heads. When uchecked, there is no difference between head and tail is displayed.
		"Automatic zoom on faults" - When browsing faults, this option enables automatic zooming to possibly faultily detected ants.
		"Fault correction order" - The faults can be browsed in two orders. Possibly switched ants can be displayed first and then moved individual ants, or all faults can be displayed as they appear in the video.
		"Depth of history shown" - Number of previous positions of selected ants displayed when show hitory is pressed.
		"Number of forward position shown" - Number of future positions of selected ants displayed when show hitory is pressed.
		"Number of changes for autosave" - The programme automaticaly saves performed changes. This controls after how many changes it does so.

	Fault tests:
		"Correction mode" - When groups are selected, all dangers for swaps between the same group are ignored. When individual ants is selected, no dangers are ignored.
		"Length tolerance" - Indicates how many times longer or shorter can the ant become before being considered faulty. For "Length different from average" test
		"Minimal certainty" - Indicates minimal certainty needed to consider ant not faulty. For "Certainty too low" test.
		"Minimal distance betwwen ants" - Indicates minimal distance between ants not to be considered faulty. For "Ants too close" test
		"Maximal angle of turnging" - Indicates maximal number of degrees an ant turn and still be considered not faulty. For "Ant turns too fast" test.

		"Length different from average" - Tests whether an ant suddenly became shorter or longer.
		"Certainty too low" - Test which ants have low certainty.
		"Ants too close" - Tests which ants are near each other (and therefore could be swapped)
		"Ant turns too fast" - Tests whether ant turns too fast between frames. (Doesn't detect anything interesting, though)
		"Tracker has lost the ant" - Test whether tracker lost the ant.
		"Ants collide" - Tests whether two ants directly colide with eachother.
		"Ants overlap" - Tests whether two ants more or less overlap.